Halloween Creative Contest 2025
[GM]Ganbatte
[GM]Ganbatte
September 25 edited October 29

Attention Mercenscaries!

Something wicked this way comes - and it may be your creation! The Halloween Creative Contest haunts our halls once more, and it brings only treats with it!

From NOW until November 2nd, you can submit your creations via ticket under the "Halloween Creative Contest" section HERE. Whats the trick? You have 2 categories you can submit into:

Costumes:
This year, we've decided to allow all of our demons to run free - including ones that might not be CrossFire related! You can submit any real life picture of you wearing your Halloween costume, and the best costumes will win. There is a trick however: Costumes must be either CrossFire related or Scary themed costumes! Your Mario costume is awesome, but your rewards for that one must be in another castle.
**Pictures must include you holding a paper with #CFHalloween2025 and your IGN written on it, clearly visible. This photo must be unaltered in any way, and you must let us know in the ticket what your costume is**
Please be aware that once you submit your costume image, Z8Games reserves the right to share/post the image on any of our platforms. Submitting the image is consenting to us doing so.
Art + Fruit/Vegetable Carving:

This year we are combining both Art categories and Carving categories into one Frankensteined "Creations" category!
Submit your CrossFire spooky drawing, horror video, in-game screenshot, or any other art media for this category! Please note that it MUST be CrossFire related for this one, and the spookier the better.
**All art must include #CFHalloween2025 and your IGN written in it, clearly visible. Please attach the uploaded video link in your ticket. Any uploaded videos must also have #CFHalloween2025 and your IGN in the title. Videos may be listed on Instagram, Youtube, or TikTok. You are allowed to enter unlisted YouTube videos, but be aware it may be shared on our public channel. In the case of unoriginal/copyright audio, Z8Games reserves the right to make a judgement call on the validity of the submission.**
Carving pumpkins is a key part of the Halloween experience here in the West, but not everyone has easy access to pumpkins! Thats okay though, because we enjoy all kinds of scary carvings here. Did you carve CF into an apple? That counts! Maybe you decided to carve OMOH into a cucumber? Still counts! Did you turn a watermelon into an incredibly detailed scene of Dean saving Trinity from zombies? Thats oddly specific, but you still count, I suppose! Please, PLEASE, be careful when carving any object, and make sure you have adult supervision when using sharp tools such as knives. Someone who is more of an adult than you. An adultier adult.
**Pictures must include a paper with #CFHalloween2025 and your IGN written on it, clearly visible**
Please note that any AI detected in any of the above categories will result in immediate disqualification, and will render you ineligible to participate in any future creative contests.

So we know the tricks, but what about the treats? For each category, we will choose one winner and two runner-ups:
1st Place of Each Category: Permanent weapon of choice (This will be available to be chosen from the same list as the Wish-Come-True event. This includes any weapon other than Collection Rewards, with some minor exclusions.)
2nd Place of Each Category: Permanent Halloween Weapon of Choice (You can only select one Permanent Halloween Weapon, excluding this years content)
3rd Place of Each Category: 50 Halloween Crates of Choice (You can only select one type of crate)
So summon your inner artist and show us how creative you can get! Happy HalloWEST, Mercenscaries!
-CrossFire Scream